Split a paragraph for ease of reading (#476)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

Managing Encrypted Volumes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

%brand% generates a randomized *encryption key* whenever
a new encrypted volume is created. This key is required to read and
decrypt any data on the volume. 

> By default, %brand% stores encryption keys locally within its system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
%brand% stores encryption keys locally within the system
```

Author: It doesn't always store it (you can remove the local copy). Surely better to say "by default stored" in the first place, rather than somewhat mislead with information that has to later be qualified, when its that easy to give accurately in the first place?

Author: "The system" is good no question tho

> settings so volumes can automatically decrypt when the system

Reviewer 2: "within the system settings" is not clear.  Does it mean "in the system configuration database"?

s/can automatically decrypt/can be automatically decrypted/

This would also be an opportunity to avoid starting a sentence with a halting aside by moving the "by default" to later:

`` %brand% stores encryption keys on the system boot pool so encrypted pools can be automatically decrypted when the system starts. ``

Author: Done

>  settings so volumes can automatically decrypt when the system

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
settings so volumes can automatically decrypt when the system
```

Appears to be an extra space there.

> settings, so that volumes can easily be decrypted automatically on system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 settings so volumes can automatically decrypt when the system
```

Author: Yes

> start-up, or by authorized users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
starts or when triggered by an authorized user.
```

Encryption keys can also be downloaded. This is useful as a safety

> measure, to allow key backup, decryption on a different system in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
measure to allow key backup, to use the key for decryption on a different system in the
```

> event of failure, or so that the locally stored key can be deleted for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
event of failure, or so the locally stored key can be deleted for
```

> extra security. Encryption keys can also be optionally protected with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extra security. Encryption keys can also be protected with a
```
